(When you are boring at the photo studio,)
Chuu: 1, 2, 3!!
(Taking selfies is the best way to kill time)
Yves: Touch the screen and run and pose!
(Yves is taking care of Go Won in the middle of hanging out with Chuu!
Yves: Where is Go Won?
Yves: We couldn't take a selfie with Go Won~
Yves: Becuase she's been working.
Chuu: Right~
Yves: Too busy to take selfies~
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Go Won - One&Only"
Go Won : Thank you~
(After shooting a photo, she changes her outfits)
(After changing clothes, she has to go to do a photo shooting!)
Yves: I couldn't find the right time to do...
Yves: I'm not sure if I can take three shot selfie with her today...
(It's not the three shot photo that Yves was looking for, but...)
(Anyway let's see her beautiful smile!))